How are you? Btw thanks for the RT. You gonna be in DC anytime soon? Love to see you. Been way, way too long.
When you meet someone special... you'll know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
they've decided its more fun if I don't.
So Tired D; Played Lazer Tag & Ran A LOT D; Ughh Going To Sleep Like In 5 Minutes ;)
Words from a complete stranger! Made my birthday even better :)
First Cubs game ever! Wrigley field is gorgeous. This is perfect. Go Cubs Go!
i no! i get another day off from skool due to the wonderful snow (: and THIS wakes me up...damn thing
I'm coo... Jus at work hella tired r u ever in cali
The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight
we need to reconnect THIS WEEK
I always wonder how the guys on the auctions shows learned to talk so fast!? all I hear is djsosnekspqnslanskam.
Dammnnnnn what a catch
such a great picture! The green shirt totally brings out your eyes!
Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
I'm doing it!??
Beauty Brainstorming in the Alchemy office with and Sally Walker!
Looking for a new band to blog for the month. anyone interested?
Packing for a quick move down the street... If only I had some movers...
ford focus hatchback?
RT : According to the National Retail Federation $16.3 BILLION was spent on #MothersDay last year!!
“: "The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it." - W.M. Lewis”
More skating! Come by the check out a movie, eat a great dinner and top it off with great times at the ice rink.
watch your mailbox! : )
Tommorows the day...
Good questions. RT : Your #brand will be judged based on its #website. Is your website a good brand ambassador?...
Don't care what others think of you, and you will save yourself a lot of mental energy that instead can be used to push you towards success.
This Ron Artest interview... is it possible to die from laughter?
Linda! Just looked at my sched & I have to hustle back to Chula for P.M. meetings, so no time 4 lunch. :( Do u meet every Fri?
Bum Squad lets get it! RT : Shout that ninja out for winning
I love you, and I'm so proud of you. From sitting on those stairs on The X Factor, to now. You boys are my inspiration.? :) xx
Maybe some other time I can't slow down, right across that state line right about now
Exhaust leak! arrrgh
i Love Reading your magazine (: it always cheers me up
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
Make one up! It might help you feel better. Alternative: just scream nonsense at the dumb machine.
ya ik and i never asked him to follow me i only mentioned him once in one of my tweets- i didnt do anything else
I will <3
Great talking to you guys tonight! Looking forward to your piece next week Jon.
Small market baseball. You, know...for the 99%.
Sing it!
it comes on tonight!! not tomorrow!!
maybe? just seems they thought up that idea over sunday brunch and thought it was swell.
Thanks for the #FF! Awfully good company to be in.
"The longer we live the more we find we are like other persons." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
made my list for top 99 women.
nice I watched the whole series, LOVED Julia and her mom Erica was such a badass
GOP line on Obama gay marriage stance seems to be that he flip-flopped. Really want to use that with Romney as your presidential candidate?
I know, I know. Then you kick yourself when the fight goes lopsided. But if the upset DOES happen, wow. Nothing like it.
No stress balls or keg and different crew -- but these guys know how to party
William Davis attorney says client will plead insanity. He faces first-degree murder charge in woman's death
